hello everybody today we're installing
our GTA car kit into 2002 Toyota Celica
so we'll start off with what tools you
need you'll need a Philips screwdriver
you'll need a ten millimeter socket with
an extension and you also need you'll
need a magnet so we'll start off by
using the Philips screwdriver and we're
gonna start with removing this panel
around the gearshift knob and it just
comes off so you have to start from the
back and it comes out because as these
clips that go when you're going to be
putting it back after you have to first
put these in and then put it down so
which is going to move it to the side
and right away you're going to see two
Philips screws and the next step is to
remove all knobs of the heater controls
so once you remove them you're going to
see two more screws so we're going to go
ahead and remove these four screws so
once you remove the four Phillips screws
this whole panel around the radio is
going to come off and we're going to
start from the bottom and it comes off
very easy and we're just going to lift
it up and it comes off so as you can see
there's force actually three clips on
the side one on the top and the other
three on the other side so we're just
going to put this to the side we're not
going to disconnect it as there's the
water for the airbag and once you remove
that you're going to see a 10 I mean
four 10 millimeter bolts holding the
radio and this is where we're gonna use
our at 10 millimeter socket with an
extension and I mentioned the magnet
before when you're getting the screws
out it's good to have a magnet so you
can remove them with with the magnet
instead of them falling behind the radio
so we're going to go ahead and remove
these four 10 millimeter bolts so we
just remove the four 10 millimeter bolts
and the radio is ready to come out but
first we're going to show you what our
kit looks like you have the module in
the middle
on one side this is what's going to go
to the back of the radio you're just
going to plug it in on the other side
you have an apple cable so you can
connect any Apple device and then you
have a 3.5 auxilary which you can
connect to any mp3 player or an Android
phone so we're just going to remove the
radio and you're going to see that
there's a connection right here now this
is where Kim's going to go so we're just
going to plug it in and and that's it
the next step is to test how everything
works and if everything is working
properly so we're going to put the radio
back I'm going to be testing with the
regular Apple connection we're going to
be using iPhone 4 so we're going to turn
the radio on and we're going to first
start off with your regular friend mode
and then you're going to press your CD
button if you have a CD older than a
year it's going to go first your regular
CD and then you get a press it again
it's going to come to the CD one mode
this is the mode which you didn't have
before you plugged in the kit so when
there's nothing connected it's going to
say this for track eight and that's
normal and this is where you can just
plug in your exhilarate a bow and listen
to any mp3 device but once you connect
your iPod iPhone it's going to
automatically switch to the last
position you're in so
we're going to start from going to disc
one and this one is your hybrid mode and
this is where the your iPod iPhone it's
unlocked and this is where you can
choose at this mode you can choose any
song and so you can so you can choose a
song and then you can just control it
through the radio as you can see but you
can see because they all have the same
display but I'm actually switching the
song from from the radio so you can
choose your playlist best shuffle and
then just put the iPhone iPod away and
just scroll through here the other
option that we have is to listen to
music by playlist and so for that you
have to go with this Cup and it's going
to lock the iPod and it's going to go to
disc 2 so disc 2 is your first playlist
this three is your second this four is
your third and so on
so here the iPod is locked and you can
only switch it from here you can also
press the random button so it shuffles
it the only down drawback with this is
that you don't see the text display this
radio doesn't support it so if you want
to go to the next playlist you just go
to this Cup
this is your second playlist and so on
and if you want to unlock the iPod back
you just go back to disc one and it
unlocks it and that's pretty much it for
you will not lose any of your features
the CD player will still work and I make
sure everything works all they speak at
the sound place to all the speakers and
the controls work and after that you're
going to have to run the cable and hide
the module at the back so we're going to
turn this off the place is working in
this car where you can run this the two
cables we suggest either running them to
the glovebox and that's pretty simple
you just take the radio out and there's
once you open the glovebox you can
there's an opening and the radio is
removed you can actually see your hand
from that side another spot on this cars
this is this pocket above the above the
radio so you can drill a hole in the
bottom here and just have the two cables
coming out through here and once you
finish listening you can just hide the
cables there and close it so we think
it's pretty good spot and that's pretty
much it that's for the installation star
so this was the video for GTA car kits
and in 2002 Toyota Celica
I hope you liked the video and we'll see
you next time